ServiceNow v2 - add required permissions to the readme (#14795)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/README.md

1. Get, update, create, and delete ServiceNow tickets, as well as add links and comments, or upload files to the tickets.
2. Fetch newly created incidents.
3. Get, update, create, delete records from any ServiceNow table.

## Required Permissions
To use ServiceNow on Cortex XSOAR, ensure your user account has the *rest_api_explorer* and *web_service_admin* roles.

>  These roles are required to make API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 These roles are required to make API calls.
 Also add to your user account the specific tables that you want to have access to.
```

>  However, they may not suffice for viewing records in some tables. Make sure you have the correct role so you have permissions to work with the relevant table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 However, these permissions may not suffice for managing records in some tables. Make sure you have the correct role so you have permissions to work with the relevant table.
```
